Update acs-javascript-calling-library-release-notes.md (#436)
Azure/Communication: releasenotes/acs-javascript-calling-library-release-notes.md

- [API usage documentation](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/communication-services/quickstarts/voice-video-calling/calling-client-samples?pivots=platform-web)
- [API reference documentation](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/javascript/api/azure-communication-services/@azure/communication-calling/?view=azure-communication-services-js)

# v1.4.1-beta.1 (2022-2-1)
Available in NPM - https://www.npmjs.com/package/@azure/communication-calling/v/1.4.1-beta.1

Features

> 1. Remote stream size and subscriptions on that available to the application.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Remote stream - introduced 'streamSize' property, it reflects what is the received resolution of a give stream, application can subscribe to updates via 'streamSizeChanged'
```

Reviewer 2: event name is 'sizeChanged'

Other Changes

> 1. Video rendering will use pixel ratio to decide the quality of stream.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. On mobile platforms, take into account 'devicePixelRatio' to control resolution of the video stream that is requested from the sender, this will improve video stream resolution for all participants in a calls where at least one of the participants is on mobile platform.
```

> 2. Audio volume improvements on iOS 15.3+.

Reviewer: link actual webkit bug?

Reviewer: https://bugs.webkit.org/show_bug.cgi?id=230902

> 3. Improvements on askDevicePermission API to increase reliability across browsers.

Reviewer: can we share mode details? what was fixed, scenario wise at least, without going into details

4. Improvements on call recovery after an interruption (Siri, PSTN call etc.) on iOS 15.2+.

	* Incoming video streams won't stop rendering.
	* One to one calls won't go to remote hold state.

> 	* Recovery on unmute will be more reliable.

Reviewer: how/why? can we share mode details?

5. Improvements on camera recovery when device is taken from another process.
6. Other bug fixes and improvements.
7. Documentation updates.

> 8. Internal telemetry updates.

Reviewer: remove
